
Systems like Kubernetes and Docker Swarm are the end result of years and years of effort spent slowly abstracting server resources from being "a single physical machine your app is running on" to "a distributed pool of generic resources any app can run on." What do you think the next level of server abstraction will look like in 10 years? How will web apps be deployed and managed a decade from now? Will container management systems such as Kubernetes still be used, or will there be another layer of abstraction used?

# Answer of the 4th question
1- The next level of server abstraction for me is like a hybrid server approach to handle your main api requests with a traditional server, and the heavier tasks to a serverless platform to increase the performance, together with the usage of Unikernels which are considered a hybrid of VMs and containers and provide improved security and agility than we have in both container and VMs. Instead of the shared operating systems and Kernels like we have in containers, Unikernels packages application images with an operating system, its own Kernel, and all other relevant dependencies required to run in different environments. Unikernels images are highly optimized with smaller footprints and can boot faster than containers because they contain all necessary dependencies, also more adoption to manage edge computing and internet of things applications, to provide the simplicity and lightweight needed for edge computing to work properly.

2- It will all be automatic with machine learning cutting up large applications into smaller pieces that can execute in separate cloud functions, and giving details how to keep high availability and low costs while achieving the best performance objectives.

3- in my opinion a decade from now, the web apps will be deployed and managed inside an IDE built to run/compile every language possible, which you could easily configure and test at runtime at any enviroment without the need to upload the application in the cloud and wait for the pipeline to end, i think that kubernetes will still be used, but other applications with less "generic" concepts for specific apps like event-driven it will be more and more focused on that unique configuration,
and these apps will be used as another layer to the kubernetes/Docker Swarm abstractions, using these alternatives will improve how we develop and operate cloud applications in the years to come.
